# cs320final
1. Writing and implimenting unit testing early on while also completing static code review can be an effective way in ensuring code is functional and secure. Developing incrementally to ensure full test coverage and correct desired output ensures code functionality, while user authentication and role-based access helps improve program security. Additionally, passwords and all other sensitive data should be encrypted end-to-end.
2. Before designing a program, user's needs should be heavily considered and used to guide program development. User needs help identify the overall requirements of a system and also guide the technical requirements of the program. User needs may be vague initially, so it is important to condense these down into well-defined key points to consider while moving forward with the project. These needs help shape the design of testing for the program and help us determine what the desired outcomes should be for any given code module.
3. When designing software, I prefer to take an organized and incremental approach. First, I compile all user needs and clearly list them. Next, I prefer to take time to design a UML diagram to ensure proper system and table design before writing code. Finally, I write one class or method at a time, and run/test as I go to catch bugs early on. Tests associated with each class/method is created directly after this before moving on to a different class/method. Additionally, I prefer to physically draw out the different files and modules before writing any code to ensure the overall program design is organized, consistent, and efficient.
